README.md, before:

`Nothing is more dangerous than an idea when it is the only one you have.` ~ _Emil Chartier Alain_

---

`Many rules were created so we could keep up appearances and hide behind them, but we, truthseekers, cannot.` ~ _Phundamentals_

**AKA**: _Boolean logic_

`Rule systems were created by rulers to control the mind of those being ruled.
They are meant to distract from the control that is being exercised through them.` ~ _Phundamentals_

---

`There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.` ~ _Colin Powell_

`Decisions are often based on intuition. Intuition requires experience. Experiences requires making a lot of mistakes.`

---

`Encapsulate what varies, and separate it from what stays the same.` ~ _The Many_

---

`False hopes must be crushed.`

1. If it seems too difficult, then _arrive there faster_.
2. If it is too difficult, then _accept the fact_.

---

[Second Order Thinking](https://fs.blog/chestertons-fence/)

`D.R.Y.M. Don't Repeat Your Mistakes...`

[DRY gone bad](https://aaronstannard.com/dry-gone-bad-bespoke-company-framework/)

---

`If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together.` ~ _African proverb_

Commit message:

Overcoming mental blocks
The psychology of coding

README.md, after:

`Nothing is more dangerous than an idea when it is the only one you have.` ~ _Emil Chartier Alain_

---

`Many rules were created so we could keep up appearances and hide behind them, but we, truthseekers, cannot.` ~ _Phundamentals_

**AKA**: _Boolean logic_

`Rule systems were created by rulers to control the mind of those being ruled.
They are meant to distract from the control that is being exercised through them.` ~ _Phundamentals_

---

`There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.` ~ _Colin Powell_

`Decisions are often based on intuition. Intuition requires experience. Experiences requires making a lot of mistakes.`

---

`Encapsulate what varies, and separate it from what stays the same.` ~ _The Many_

---

`False hopes must be crushed.`

1. If it seems too difficult, then _arrive there faster_.
2. If it is too difficult, then _accept the fact_.

---

[The Psychology of Coding: Overcoming Mental Blocks and Staying Motivated](https://www.skillreactor.io/blog/the-psychology-of-coding-overcoming-mental-blocks-and-staying-motivated/)

---

[Second Order Thinking](https://fs.blog/chestertons-fence/)

`D.R.Y.M. Don't Repeat Your Mistakes...`

[DRY gone bad](https://aaronstannard.com/dry-gone-bad-bespoke-company-framework/)

---

`If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together.` ~ _African proverb_
